Liss and as always I don't think these
awards too seriously we aren't on the
Hollywood Foreign Press is just awarding
the best campaign of brunches that they
got but let's be honest they're just
they're fun to laugh at
especially when nobody wants Ricky to be
there in a little while we're gonna see
a short clip from the Irishman it's
eight minutes long
let me explain now compared to last
year's broadcast I think this one was
better each one of these can technically
be logged in an IMDB and as a live
production I thought it started off
strong before Hakeem blamed everything
on society
maybe lead up the awards in a way no one
could really be upset between 1917 and
once upon a time I'm still siding with
Tarantino taking home his first Best
Picture in February but overall I
thought the speeches were really good
stellen raised eyebrows Patricia
reminded us that we're all going to die
again
and television actress Jennifer Aniston
who worked a decade plus transitioning
into movies proved worthy of her 2019
television Globe nomination as she read
lines for Russell Crowe but honestly I
loved Rama's speech because you know
I've been recommending that show in
terms of TV I gotta catch up on
succession I hate that Reese Jodie and
Nicole had to hear but they had to hear
it the Best Actress category was stacked
I highly recommend every single one of
these shows and I still don't know how
Netflix managed to get the politician
nominated I mean I know Billy I can't
believe it but in the end it didn't
really matter because Phoebe did her
thing and wouldn't you know when they
see us
the Best Foreign Film category was also
incredible I highly recommend watching
every single one of these they have each
made my personal top films list for 2019
and I would have been happy if any
single one of these was called but after
hearing parasite I did Tarantino took
home Best Screenplay and rightfully so
but again I think anyone in this
category was worthy of it as well and
maybe ironically would have given a
better speech you don't share this with
somebody else you write it by yourself I
did it in terms of the special Awards I
felt bad for Charlie's having to present
Tom Hanks's honorary award after Kate
McKinnon gave Ellen hers because tink
killed it she she had me bawling with
her speech I highly recommend you take
the time to listen to it as well as
Ellen's bit because it was very
heartfelt and highlighted the risk that
she took in order for others like
McKinnon herself to be where they are
today
then James Bond came out looking like
the colonel and everyone on Twitter
wanted a piece
haier the beer thank you today the
biggest surprise of the night came from
the animated category because that's
exactly how the missing link filmmakers
were acting Hildur won for her score in
Joker and rightfully so but I think she
deserves more awards and recognition for
her Chernobyl score one that she also
did this past year when it came to the
big acting categories from supporting to
leads they couldn't find a net betting
but Laura Dern one who I was really
rooting for even though in her speech
she said marriage story was about
climate change by the end I don't know
Brad Pitt also won and this man is 53
was really happy for Aquafina winning
and seeing how she's gone from her MTV
days at the beginning of the decade to
winning Awards which is super dope half
of Phoenix's speech was censored kinda
like his movie and Renee Renee was out
here I think still playing Judy thank
you by the end of this three hour
broadcast
19:17 ended up taking home the big
awards for Best Director and Best
Picture just in time for its release
which it can't even be seen in the
format it was shot in cuz Star Wars is
taking up all of the IMAX theaters and
Star Wars wasn't even shot in IMAX thank
you guys for watching this video and I'm
curious to know your thoughts down below
in the comment section but it's crazy to
see the stats from like 2010 and seeing
what a studios and what like networks
are being nominated dude it is just
streaming now it is nothing but it is
only a matter of time so these bad boys
are streamed on YouTube to be honest
with you
YouTube's already got the World Series
so it's crazy to think but I thought it
was a decent Awards Show again
everything that's missing we know it's
because it probably didn't have a
campaign to fight for it so that's why
we all like making our own personal top
tens and top lists but these are the
ones that are televised I think it's
always funny to make fun of them and
cover them and I do like when people
like Aquafina are able to win awards and
hopefully people are listening to the
foreign broadcasts or the foreign
nominations and hopefully they tune into
those so I'm curious to know your
thoughts on this let me know your
thoughts down below in the comment
section we're gonna see what the Oscars
have I'm still sticking to if they don't
don't nominate my girl I don't really
care to cover them but other than that
I'm curious to know your thoughts
good here this year we'll see what
happens next one don't forget to comment
like and subscribe or ricky gervais will
narrate your life